Enhance filebeat on kubernetes docs with metadata enrichment information (#38697)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/running-on-kubernetes.asciidoc

Different logrotation strategies can cause issues that might make Filebeat losing events or even duplicating events.
Users can find more information about Filebeat's logrotation best practises at Filebeat's
<<file-log-rotation,log rotation specific documentation>>

[float]
==== Kubernetes metadata

> In case filebeat is configured with kubernetes autodiscover provider (suggested configuration), kubernetes metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion

===== *Case 1:** Filebeat with {k8s} provider

In case **filebeat is configured with kubernetes autodiscover provider** (suggested configuration), kubernetes metadata
```

> are collected by the provider internal mechanism. It uses watchers which watch for pod resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are collected by the provider internal mechanism. 

In more details, the metadata enrichment utilises watchers, a mechanisms used in Kubernetes to observe changes to resources in the Kubernetes cluster. 
```

> in the cluster and collects all container IDs and relevant information(labels, annotations, namespace info, node info etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watchers observe the cluster and collect all container IDs and relevant information( like labels, annotations, namespace information, node information etc.).
```

[source,yaml]
------------------------------------------------
filebeat.autodiscover:
     providers:
       - type: kubernetes
         node: ${NODE_NAME}
         templates:
          - condition.contains:
              kubernetes.namespace: "kube-system"
            config:
              - type: filestream
                id: kubernetes-container-logs-${data.kubernetes.pod.name}-${data.kubernetes.container.id}
                parsers:
                - container: ~
                prospector:
                  scanner:
                    fingerprint.enabled: true
                    symlinks: true
                file_identity.fingerprint: ~
                processors:
                  - add_fields:
                      target: filebeat
                      fields:
                        template: comet
                  - add_fields:
                      target: filebeat
                      fields:
                        template: glencore-logIngestPipelineSuffix
                paths:
                  - /var/log/containers/*-${data.kubernetes.container.id}.log
------------------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== **Case 2:** Filebeat with filestream input

```

> In case filebeat is configured with filestream input, kubernetes metadata are collected using the `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor. The processor, using matchers, tries to associate a log file detected by filestream input with an actual container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case filebeat is configured with filestream input, kubernetes metadata are collected using the `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor. The <<add-kubernetes-metadata>> processor, by using matchers, tries to associate a log file detected by filestream input with an actual container. You can find more information about the available indexers and matchers, and some examples in <<kubernetes-indexers-and-matchers>>.
```

> It achieves that, by matching the container ID which is part of a log file name and a container ID from the ones that run in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It accomplishes this by correlating the container ID found within a log file name with the container IDs of those running in the Kubernetes cluster. To monitor all the pods and their corresponding containers within the Kubernetes cluster, it utilizes the watcher mechanism, initiating watchers for pods, namespaces, and nodes.
```
